slideshow/slides/demo.md, before:

<!-- .slide: data-state="title" -->
#Bootstrap 4
Essential Training

>> You can create author's notes.

---

<!-- .slide: data-state="hasicon" -->

## <i class="fa fa-html5"></i> What is Bootstrap?

- A framework
- Mobile first
- Responsive design
- Battle tested
- Uses modern web technologies

Note:
# What is Bootstrap
A framework for building sites fast.


---

<!-- .slide: data-state="bar" -->

## Installation: Advanced

- Downloading source
- Using build tools
- Sass or LESS
- GitHub repo
- Custom build

---

## Easiest Electron App

```javascript
var electron = require('electron');
var BrowserWindow = electron.BrowserWindow;
var app = electron.app;


app.on('ready', function() {
  var appWindow;
  appWindow = new BrowserWindow();
  appWindow.loadURL('http://raybo.org');
});
```
<!-- .element: data-trim="true" data-noescape="true" contenteditable="true" class="fragment" -->

---

## Column Metrics

<small>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam tempor sapien nec arcu gravida, pellentesque dictum sapien condimentum. Nunc eget quam id metus maximus consequat in quis massa.</small>

| |  Extra small <small>< 768px</small> | Small <small> ≥ 768px</small> | Medium <small>≥992px</small> | Large <small>≥1200px</small> |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Container**	| Auto | 750px | 970px | 1170px |
| **Size**	| .col-xs- | .col-sm- | .col-md- | .col-lg- |
| **Column width** | Auto | ~62px | ~81px | ~97px |


---

## What’s a Framework?

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam tempor sapien nec arcu gravida, pellentesque dictum sapien condimentum. Nunc eget quam id metus maximus consequat in quis massa.

---

## When Should I Use Bootstrap?

1. Excellent for small, quick projects<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
2. Prototyping and scaffolding sites<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
3. Also great for larger projects<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
  - Customize your install<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->

---
## Installation: Basic

- CDNs<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
- Download and install<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
- Requires jQuery<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->

Commit message:

modified demo with two sample notes

slideshow/slides/demo.md, after:

<!-- .slide: data-state="title" -->
#Bootstrap 4
Essential Training

>> You can create author's notes.

---

<!-- .slide: data-state="hasicon" -->

## <i class="fa fa-html5"></i> What is Bootstrap?

- A framework
- Mobile first
- Responsive design
- Battle tested
- Uses modern web technologies

>> 
# Note
Anything after the note special characters won't appear on the slides, but will still be in the markdown file. That means you can write your speaking notes here.


---

<!-- .slide: data-state="bar" -->

## Installation: Advanced

- Downloading source
- Using build tools
- Sass or LESS
- GitHub repo
- Custom build

---

## Easiest Electron App

```javascript
var electron = require('electron');
var BrowserWindow = electron.BrowserWindow;
var app = electron.app;


app.on('ready', function() {
  var appWindow;
  appWindow = new BrowserWindow();
  appWindow.loadURL('http://raybo.org');
});
```
<!-- .element: data-trim="true" data-noescape="true" contenteditable="true" class="fragment" -->

---

## Column Metrics

<small>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam tempor sapien nec arcu gravida, pellentesque dictum sapien condimentum. Nunc eget quam id metus maximus consequat in quis massa.</small>

| |  Extra small <small>< 768px</small> | Small <small> ≥ 768px</small> | Medium <small>≥992px</small> | Large <small>≥1200px</small> |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Container**	| Auto | 750px | 970px | 1170px |
| **Size**	| .col-xs- | .col-sm- | .col-md- | .col-lg- |
| **Column width** | Auto | ~62px | ~81px | ~97px |


---

## What’s a Framework?

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam tempor sapien nec arcu gravida, pellentesque dictum sapien condimentum. Nunc eget quam id metus maximus consequat in quis massa.

---

## When Should I Use Bootstrap?

1. Excellent for small, quick projects<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
2. Prototyping and scaffolding sites<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
3. Also great for larger projects<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
  - Customize your install<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->

---
## Installation: Basic

- CDNs<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
- Download and install<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
- Requires jQuery<!-- .element: class="fragment"-->
